# PlasterTalk evaluation
The evaluations will be made from the user's point of view and from a technical point of view.

# User:
User evaluations were made through a [questionnaire](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScAAcIDnHJCYA64pkPDzyVVuRsNEuSnUHHijtT7aExaUH0ccA/viewform?usp=sf_link). The questions are aimed at understanding if users are interested in our application, and above all, at understanding how to adapt it better to the needs of users. Statistics will be made based on the answers, in doing so we will be able to create a service that covers the needs of all museum users at 360 degrees.


# Software:
The main part of our application will be developed on Riot-OS, which is a small operating system for networked systems. This firmware will be run on Hardware boards made available by Iot-Lab, which allows you to test the firmware with real sensors (Oscilloscope, Gyroscope, etc.).
All data generated by the hardware will be sent to the AWS Cloud platform. After that it will be very easy to find and use this data on our final mobile application.

Very important parameter will be the measurement of message latency, being information related to security, timeliness is very important. By adding a time stamp to each message and implementing a check on each message we will be able to calculate latency. Based on these checks, we will know if the system we have implemented is efficient.

#### Beacon
Our application will give the user / visitor an interactive experience with each statue in the museum, hence the name "PlasterTalk". The idea is to use Bluetooth Beacons, which transmit an identification, this identification will be used by our application to understand where the user is located, so that we can only provide information on the statues present in that area. This Beacon system will be tested at home by one of us. One of the limitations of this technology is the distance, in fact the Bluetooth standard has a coverage of about 10/12 meters. There are two assessments to be made on the Beacons:

 - Quantity
 - Position

Given the limited range of Bluetooth, the necessary number of beacons must be calculated in order to cover the affected area. No less important is the position to be given to the beacons so that they do not 'interfere' with each other. These assessments can be checked only after a careful inspection in the museum.
